Add a new tutorial for Models (#4790)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/model_setup/overview.md

along with other activities, like monitoring progress, writing output to disk, and more.

To illustrate discrete equation specification, consider the docstring for `NonhydrostaticModel`:

```@docs
NonhydrostaticModel
```

```@example
using Oceananigans

arch = CPU()
grid = RectilinearGrid(arch,
                       size = (128, 128),
                       x = (0, 256),
                       z = (-128, 0),
                       topology = (Periodic, Flat, Bounded))

# Numerical method and physics choices
advection = WENO(order=9) # ninth‑order upwind for momentum and tracers
buoyancy = SeawaterBuoyancy()  # requires T, S tracers

τₓ = - 8e-5 # m² s⁻² (τₓ < 0 ⟹ eastward wind stress)
u_bcs = FieldBoundaryConditions(top=FluxBoundaryCondition(τₓ))

# A small sinusoidal cooling tendency for T
c_source(x, y, z, t, p) = -p.μ * cos(2π * x) * exp(z / p.H)
c_forcing = Forcing(c_source; parameters=(μ=1e-3, H=0.2))

model = NonhydrostaticModel(; grid, advection, buoyancy,
                            tracers = (:T, :S, :c),
                            boundary_conditions = (; u=u_bcs),
                            forcing = (; c=c_forcing))
```

> 1. Specify the discrete equations to solve: physics options (buoyancy, Coriolis, free surface), numerical methods (advection schemes, closures), and configuration like forcing and boundary conditions. These are primarily set via keyword arguments when constructing a model, and many parameters can be adjusted later.
> 2. Hold the simulation state: prognostic state (velocities, tracers, pressure/free surface) and diagnostic/auxiliary fields. Every model pairs with `set!(model; kwargs...)` to update state any time. This is typically used for initial conditions, but can also be used to change state mid‑simulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Specify the discrete equations to solve: physics options (buoyancy, Coriolis, free surface), numerical methods (advection schemes, closures), and configuration like forcing and boundary conditions.
   These are primarily set via keyword arguments when constructing a model, and many parameters can be adjusted later.
2. Hold the simulation state: prognostic state (velocities, tracers, pressure/free surface) and diagnostic/auxiliary fields.
   Every model pairs with `set!(model; kwargs...)` to update state any time.
   This is typically used for initial conditions, but can also be used to change state mid‑simulation.
```

> You can advance a model with `time_step!(model, Δt)`. However, we generally recommend using `Simulation` to manage time stepping, output, and adaptive time steps. See Quick start for a compact example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can advance a model in time with `time_step!(model, Δt)`.
However, we generally recommend using `Simulation` to manage time stepping (including adaptive time steps) and the output.
See Quick start for a compact example.
```
